What do I want to learn or understand better?
 A: This course, I have learned what it's like to be part of developing a software application. I have learned
 the basics of Git, Kivy and Python. Since I had no previous experience with Python, I felt really restricted and
 stressed in the beginning of the project. In our first sprint, which lasted two weeks, I managed to produce some
 basic views, however, they did not look at all like the mockup and were, for that reason, not useful ut all. At
 that point, I asked the group for some help and Elias from IT did some programming with me and Jacob made an effort
 to explain the framework of our program. After that I managed to finish the delivery request view. The upcoming 
 weeks, Olle and I worked together, and he helped me a lot with Python. 
 A key thing I learned was that it is very easy to focus on techincal details rather than what actually brings
 value to the application. It is important to have a continous dialog with the stakeholders to make sure the 
 development is going in the right direction. I feel like the group grasped this mindset more and more the further 
 we got into the project.
 B: Learn more about the process of developing software applications and improve on, or learn new, technologies. 
 Having continous communication to make sure that the application is valuable and going in the right direction.
 A->B: Keep working and getting more experience with the knowledge that I've got from this course.

How can I help somoeone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
 A: As stated in almost every individual reflection, I have been in a group with highly skilled IT-students. However, 
 I have made an effort to review pull requests and functionality. I have also been one of the two product owners, so 
 I have tried to help the group make value-based decisions. I have tried to help as much as I can.
 B: Make reviews, trying to teach others the value perspectives and being as helpful as I can.
 A->B: If B would be my next project, I would try to answer questions when I can and help with reviews. Even if the group 
 is highly skilled I will do what I can.

What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
 A: I have not missed a single daily scrum during the entire project. I have also been part of all our sprint 
 reviews, reflections and meetings. I have been trying to have the product owner perspective, but it also feels 
 like the whole group has applied the product owner mindset.
 B: Getting more experience with Scrum and being product owner.
 A->B: If B would be my next project, I would keep working and try to learn more and get more experience.

What is my contribution to the team deliveries?
 A: 
 Code:
 As mentioned in the first question, learning a new programming language was hard, and I was pretty restricted in
 our first two week-sprint. The second sprint, I finished the delivery request view. The third sprint, I helped Olle 
 finish the user profile view and functionality. The fourth sprint, Olle and I was assigned to finish 50 % of the filter
 issue (filter view and functionality), which we did. The fifth sprint, we finished the last 50 % of the filter. 
 I also fixed some minor stuff, such as describing money lock and switching some icons.
 Project:
 Since the amount of code I have contributed with has been a bit less compared to most of the IT-students, I have made 
 an effort to be very active with the group reflections. I started three of them on my own together with Olle. Olle and I
 will also be responsible for the project demonstration on monday. 
 Other stuff: 
 I have attended all our meetings, monday consultations, and been part of all the sprint reviews. Olle and I have been the 
 two product owners and have made some value-based decisions. I was also one of the pitch presenters, did the business model 
 canvas, came up with a project idea and took part in writing the social contract. 
 B: Make an active contribution and finishing all the issues I'm assigned on time.
 A->B: Keep working like I do and learn more. For another project I would try to put even more time in the beginning
 to increase my knowledge in the technologies we use, especially if it will be executed in a programming language I do not know.

!! Important note: I have made most of my commits on my laptop. My laptop-user is a gray cat (Kevin) who is not linked to any account. 
Just mentioning this in case it is missed.
