What do I want to learn or understand better?
 A: The software development part of the course is running to an end. My main challenge has been 
 to continously improve my understanding of Python and write Python code. It has been a big challenge since I had 
 no experience with Python before. However, I have been able to solve my sprint issues, with some help, and 
 contributed with some code, so I feel like I've learned a lot. 
 B: There is not much time left to improve even more on the technologies, so my main goal for the last time is to 
 learn how to finalize the project.
 A->B: Being part of our reviews and meetings to see how I can contribute and learn.

How can I help somoeone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
 A: I try and have tried to help as much as I can, but the group is highly skilled. This week I have made an effort 
 to be more active in reviewing different pull requests. In fact, I have reviewed several of them this week. One 
 example was when I reviewed Elias photo-uploading feature yesterday and discussed it with him.
 B: Learn more and help as much as I can with what I know, continue to make reviews.
 A->B: Try to answer questions when I can and help with reviews. The group is very skilled, but will do what I can.

What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
 A: I have not missed a single daily scrum during the entire project. I have also been part of our sprint reviews, 
 and reflections. I have been trying to have the product owner perspective, but it feels like the whole group has
 applied the product owner mindset the last week.
 B: Getting more experience with Scrum and being product owner.
 A->B: Keep working and learn more.

What is my contribution to the team deliveries?
 A: This week Olle and I were assigned the issue to do the first 50 % of the filter delivery feature. We spent a lot 
 of time pair programming on this issue and we have gotten really far. So far we have implemented a view and python 
 code so that the user can filter deliveries on weight and distance criteria. In the next sprint, we are planning to
 finish this by adding some additional filter criterias as well as making it look more neat.
 B: Finishing all the issues I'm assigned on time.
 A->B: Keep working like I do and learn more.
