Since the project is basically over at this point, this will serve as a reflection of my present situation with the project and how I 
can move forward with app/software development for future projects.

What do I want to learn or understand better?
A: I feel like I can work with Git and I can easily write code with Kivy and Python, which were my goals at the start of the project.
	However, the app stopped running on my computer this week and I have not been able to resolve that. I've had similar problems the
	whole project though.

B: I would like to learn a framework for developing working apps and be able to use it to create useful stuff.

A -> B: For my next project I will probably look into React, as that seems to be the most used framework out there. Hopefully that will
	mean there will be a large online community present, so that problems I encounter will have been faced by a large amount of 
	people before. That way googling my error messages and problems will hopefully yield more information on how to solve them. 
	I will probably take some summer course to that end.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
A: For this project, I've felt that my way to contribute has been by helping people question whether what they are doing is adding 
	value. I feel like I'm in general pretty good at communicating my knowlege and teaching others what I know. 

B: I would like to be able to contribute more than just making people question what they're dooing.

A -> B: For future projects, I should probably reflect on what I'm good at beforehand and try to steer the project in a way that takes 
	greater advantage of my skills. Learning is great but I've felt that having to learn kivy/python from scratch has severely hampered 
	my ability to help others learn. 

What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
A: As a product owner, I have been trying to see whether what people are doing is adding value in a way that makes sense to the end 
	user. I'm have also been working together with kevin on issues which helps us be productive as product owners together.

B: This has worked well. I feel like I know how to work with scrum and will try to do so on future projects. Scrum is awesome.

A -> B: I'm pretty happy with the scrum situation but think I could improve my ability to on beforehand esitmate how difficult tasks 
	will be.

What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
A: Me and Kevin have been working together a lot, helping each other deliver useful stuff. This last week, however, the app has stopped
	running on both our computers and we're not able to resolve that despite the others trying to help. Therefore, we are trying to
	contribute by doing other stuff like preparing the presentation and preparing the group reflection. 

B: For future projects, I would like to be able to contribute a lot more than I have been able to do here.

A -> B: As stated in the first question, I will work with a more established framework. Kivy does not have a large user base nor a 
	large community, the latter of which is essential when googling and trying to resolve error messages. When encountering problems in 
	Java for example, googing the issue results in dozens of useful threads on stackoverflow and the like with people previously having 
	encountered the same problem. I would like to have that for my next project.
